Update minimum-requirements.md (#9624)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/minimum-requirements.md

## Licensing requirements

> The standalone versions of [Defender for Endpoint Plan 1 and Plan 2](defender-endpoint-plan-1-2.md) or when included as part of other M365 plans, they do not include server licenses. To onboard servers to those plans, you'll need Defender for Servers Plan 1 or Plan 2 as part of the [Defender for Cloud](/azure/defender-for-cloud/defender-for-cloud-introduction) offering. To learn more, see the overview of [Microsoft Defender for Servers](/azure/defender-for-cloud/defender-for-servers-introduction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standalone versions of [Defender for Endpoint Plan 1 and Plan 2](defender-endpoint-plan-1-2.md), even when they are included as part of other Microsft 365 plans, do not include server licenses. To onboard servers to those plans, you'll need Defender for Servers Plan 1 or Plan 2 as part of the [Defender for Cloud](/azure/defender-for-cloud/defender-for-cloud-introduction) offering. To learn more, see the overview of [Microsoft Defender for Servers](/azure/defender-for-cloud/defender-for-servers-introduction).
```
